MON-3304: Add option to specify resource limits for all components (#2067)
openshift/cluster-monitoring-operator: Documentation/openshiftdocs/modules/prometheusoperatoradmissionwebhookconfig.adoc

// DO NOT EDIT THE CONTENT IN THIS FILE. It is automatically generated from the 
	// source code for the Cluster Monitoring Operator. Any changes made to this 
	// file will be overwritten when the content is re-generated. If you wish to 
	// make edits, read the docgen utility instructions in the source code for the 
	// CMO.
	:_content-type: ASSEMBLY

== PrometheusOperatorAdmissionWebhookConfig

=== Description

> The `PrometheusOperatorConfig` resource defines settings for the Prometheus Operator's admission webhook workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PrometheusOperatorAdmissionWebhookConfig` resource defines settings for the Prometheus Operator's admission webhook workload.
```

Appears in: link:clustermonitoringconfiguration.adoc[ClusterMonitoringConfiguration]

[options="header"]
|===
| Property | Type | Description 

> |resources|*v1.ResourceRequirements|Defines resource requests and limits for the console-plugin container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|resources|*v1.ResourceRequirements|Defines resource requests and limits for the prometheus-operator-admission-webhook container.
```
